Dear Jorge,

I have read your paper. The topic, structure, and results are all good.

I just have the following comments:

1)      Title: Harnessing social interest for improving answer context-aware recommendation with semantic model. It is not clear about the main contribution. I suggest to change, for example, to

A question answer-based context-aware recommendation method with semantic model

2)      About the Abstract, I think we can reduce some words in the first 2-3 sentences so that to highlight the contribution of this paper. See my revised Abstract below:

Content-Based Recommender systems (CBRSs) filter relevant items to users in

              overloaded search spaces using information about their preferences. However,

Classical CBRS scheme is mainly based on matching between items descriptions and user profile, without 

considering that context may influence user preferences. It therefore cannot get a high accurate prediction on user preferences.  This paper aims to handle this issue to improve quality of recommendation through

taking interesting source of context as the trend in current collaborative interest, where a feed of status

updates can be analyzed to model the context. It propose a novel CA-CBRS approach that recommends question/answer items

and introduces context awareness based on topic detection within collaborative interest.

A case study and related experiments show that the context integration significantly benefits recommendation.

 

3)      In introduction, because you don’t have section “literature review”, I will suggest to add little more review about recommender systems including applications—aim to show the significance of this study.

4)      We need to indicate more calearly the contribution of this study is >>>>> in Section 1.

5)      Figure 3 should indicate the 5 phases: (I)—(V)

6)      Suggest we don’t use RS in the paper, all use recommender systems.

7)      “4. Case study” can be changed to 4. Case study and Experiments

8)      Figure 8 may need to show these lines more clearly.

9)      Change “5. Conclusions” to “5. Conclusions and further study”

 

Regards

Jie
